docs: refactor os patching page (#2192)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/cluster-management/os-patching.md

### Prerequisites

- A cluster profile in Palette.

### Instructions

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. From the left **Main Menu**, click **Cluster**. And then, click **Create Cluster**. Proceed in the cluster creation
   wizard until you reach the **Settings** step.

   For more information on cluster creation, refer to the [Clusters](../clusters.md) section and refer to any page that
   is relevant to your choice of cloud provider when creating a cluster.

3. In the **Setting** step, click on the **Manage machines** tab, and select the check box for **Patch OS on boot** and
   **Reboot if required**.

   The **Reboot if required** option allows your nodes to reboot if an OS patch requires a reboot. If you do not check
   this option, your node will not be able to reboot even if a patch requires it and the respective patch may not
   succeed.

4. Finish cluster creation and deploy your cluster.

### Validate

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Click on the cluster you patched to view cluster details.

3. Click on the **Nodes** tab of cluster details page. You can find the current OS version and the time the most

>    recently patch was applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   recent patch was applied.
```

   | **Field**               | **Description**                         |
   | ----------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
   | Last Applied Patch Time | The date and time of the last OS patch. |

>    |                         |                                         |

Reviewer: Should there be an extra row here?

   | Patched Version         | The latest patched version.             |

## Enable Scheduled Patching

> Palette also supports OS patching through a schedule. The patching schedule can be set initially when creating a cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Palette also supports scheduled OS patching. You can set the patching schedule when creating a cluster
```

> as well as at any given point later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and at any given point later.
```

### Prerequisites

- A cluster profile in Palette.

### Instructions

<Tabs>

<TabItem value="active-cluster" label="Active cluster">

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Navigate to the **Main Menu** and click on **Clusters**.

> 3. Click on the cluster you want to enable scheduled patching for to view cluster details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the cluster for which you want to enable scheduled patching to view its details.
```

4. In the upper-right corner, click on **Settings** and select **Cluster settings**. And then, click on the **Machine
   Management** tab.

> 5. Select a patching schedule in the **OS Patching Schedule** field and check **Reboot if required**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select a patching schedule in the **OS Patching Schedule** field, and then select the **Reboot if required** checkbox.
```

>    The **Reboot if required** option allows your nodes to reboot if an OS patch requires a reboot. If you do not check
>    this option, your node will not be able to reboot even if a patch requires it and the respective patch may not
>    succeed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **Reboot if required** option allows your nodes to reboot if an OS patch requires a reboot. If you do not select
   this option, your node will not be able to reboot even if a patch requires it and the respective patch may not
   succeed.
```

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="new-cluster" label="New cluster">

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. From the left **Main Menu**, click **Cluster**. And then, click **Create Cluster**. Proceed in the cluster creation
   wizard until you reach the **Settings** step.

>    For more information on cluster creation, refer to the [Clusters](../clusters.md) section and refer to any page that
>    is relevant to your choice of cloud provider when creating a cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For more information on cluster creation, refer to the [Clusters](../clusters.md) section and any page that
   is relevant to your choice of cloud provider.
```

> 3. In the **Setting** step, click on the **Manage machines** tab, and select a patching schedule in the **OS Patching
>    Schedule** field and check **Reboot if required**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Setting** step, click on the **Manage machines** tab, select a patching schedule in the **OS Patching
   Schedule** field, and then select the **Reboot if required** checkbox.
```

>    The **Reboot if required** option allows your nodes to reboot if an OS patch requires a reboot. If you do not check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The **Reboot if required** option allows your nodes to reboot if an OS patch requires a reboot. If you do not select
```

   this option, your node will not be able to reboot even if a patch requires it and the respective patch may not
   succeed.

4. Finish cluster creation and deploy your cluster.

To enable **OS Patching Schedule**, ensure you are in the **Settings** step of the cluster creation wizard. Next, click

> on the **Manage machines** tab, and select the drop-down input for **OS Patching Schedule**.

Reviewer: @lennessyy did you mean to keep this paragraph? Feels a bit out of place 🤔

</TabItem>

</Tabs>

### Validate

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Click on the cluster you patched to view cluster details.

> 3. Click on the **Nodes** tab of cluster details page. You can find the current OS version and the time the most
>    recently patch was applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the **Nodes** tab of cluster details page. You can find the current OS version and when the most
   recent patch was applied.
```

   | **Field**               | **Description**                         |
   | ----------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
   | Last Applied Patch Time | The date and time of the last OS patch. |

>    |                         |                                         |

Reviewer: Should there be an extra row here?

   | Patched Version         | The latest patched version.             |

## Perform On-Demand Patching

You can request an OS patch on-demand after you have created your cluster. This option provides a way for you to perform
an immediate update.

### Limitations

- This operation is not available for existing Kubernetes clusters imported into Palette.

> - This operation is not available or work as expected for managed Kubernetes Services such as EKS and AKS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This operation is not available for managed Kubernetes Services such as EKS and AKS.
```

  - For EKS clusters, an OS update can be triggered from Palette. This would initiate a request on AWS to update cluster
    node groups to the latest patch version.

### Prerequisite

- An active cluster in Palette.

### Instructions

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. From the left **Main Menu**, click **Cluster**. Select the cluster you want to patch to view cluster details.

> 3. In the upper-right corner, click on **Settings** and select **On-Demand Update**. Doing so will trigger an OS update
>    immediately if a newer version is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the upper-right corner, click on **Settings** and select **On-Demand Update**. This will trigger an OS update
   immediately if a newer version is available.
```

### Validate

1. Log in to [Palette](https://console.spectrocloud.com).

2. Click on the cluster you patched to view cluster details.

> 3. Click on the **Nodes** tab of cluster details page. You can find the current OS version and the time the most
>    recently patch was applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click on the **Nodes** tab of the cluster details page. You can find the current OS version and when the most
   recent patch was applied.
```

   | **Field**               | **Description**                         |
   | ----------------------- | --------------------------------------- |
   | Last Applied Patch Time | The date and time of the last OS patch. |

>    |                         |                                         |

Reviewer: Should there be an extra row here?
